>>INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMP 3104 DEVOPS COURSE:

In this course students will learn the procedures, protocols and best practices 
that a DevOps engineer brings to a workplace environment to increase 
productivity. Analyze and evaluate various developer operation implementations 
available and implement hands-on work using industry standard toolkit. 
Create solutions to complex business problems by adhering to the core
responsibilities of DevOps. 

1. Course Outcomes
At the end of this course, the student will reliably demonstrate the ability to:
A. Demonstrate knowledge of effective DevOps techniques and be able to provide 
solutions using industry standard tools and techniques such as continuous
integration/delivery/deployment strategies, software development lifecycle, 
application containerization for deployment, etc.
B. Perform hand-on lab work by applying DevOps techniques.
C. Ensure effective cross collaboration amongst IT staff by following the role
and responsibilities of an engineer.
D. Analyze and utilize Version Control System workflows for low-risk software 
releases.
E. Take well informed architectural decisions for software products, 
specifically in the context of monolith vs microservice architectures.
F. Monitor code quality and deploy applications to hosting services.
G. Utilize service platforms such as Infrastructure as Code and the associated 
benefits of cloud computing products.
H. Identify the market space as a DevOps engineer. s.

2. Policy
A. Test Policy
● Students must complete tests and the final exam on the assigned day. 
If unable to complete the test/exam as scheduled, students are required to 
notify the professor at least three days prior to the date, so alternative 
arrangements can be made. Failure to comply with this policy may result in a 
zero grade.
● There will be no makeup quiz and lab exercises. If you anticipate missing 
more than two quizzes or lab exercises for serious, major reasons, notify your 
professor beforehand.
B. In-Person Exam Policy
● Mid-Term Exams: Week 7 of the semester
● Final Exams: Week 15 of the semester
C. Assignment Policy
● All assignments must be submitted on the due date based on an instruction 
given by the professor. Late assignment will be penalized 20% per day to a 
maximum of seven days, the weekend included unless the student has notified 
the professor (via email, phone or in person) ahead of the due date that 
he/she has a valid reason for a late submission.

3. Course Delivery Mode
The course uses various instructional methods, such as lectures, demonstrations, 
hands-on exercises, and take-home assignments. The delivery mode depends on 
whether the course is online or in person. Online lectures will be the primary 
mode, but there may be in-person lectures for in-person participants. 
Labs will be conducted virtually for the online program, while in-person program
students must attend on-campus labs. For more information about the delivery
mode, please refer to D2L. Any updates will be communicated through D2L in 
advance.